Added option to add tags/usecase to approved list and packs metadata in same PR (#1364)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Adding the option to run **validate** on a specific path while using git (*-i* & *-g*).
* The **format** command will now change UUIDs in .yml and .json files to their respective content entity name.
* Added a playbook validation to check if a task sub playbook exists in the id set in the **validate** command.

> * Added the option to add tags/usecases to approved list and packmetadata in same pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the option to add new tags/usecases to the approved list and to the pack metadata on the same pull request.
```
